
README (Vu-PiconLoader)

    Definition

        Automatic channel logo loading script for the Vu+ Duo2 satellite
        receiver.

    Details

        Some time ago, a good friend of mine who owns and uses such a Vu+ Duo2
        satellite receiver asked me, if it was possible to change the logos
        (called picons) of the channels in case the channel with the same
        number changes at a certain time.

        For example, on channel number 4, FooTV from 6:30 AM to 8:00 PM is on
        and outside this time, BarTV is. Both channels use the same number,
        but have different logos.

        The Vu-PiconLoader script changes the corresponding picons at a user-
        defined day, month or (quarter) hour.

        It has been developed and tested on a Vu+ Duo2 satellite receiver, but
        should also work on similar devices. However, there is no guarantee
        for that.

        This project was officially discontinued as of October 2025 and is no
        longer maintained.

    Project name

        The name of the project was changed to Vu-PiconLoader (formerly just
        PiconLoader) for more clarity and to directly refer to the satellite
        receiver.

    Important notice

        You need to have experience with the Linux shell, 'vi' (not Vim, as it
        is not available on the system) for editing files, the dreamboxEDIT
        tool and with the receiver itself, of course. Otherwise, following the
        instructions of the how-to does not make any sense.

        You should also be aware of the fact that running certain commands on
        the shell of the device can lead to data loss, system crashes or even
        cause that the device does not boot anymore. Use at own risk.

    Installation

        The instructions can be found inside the 'how-to' sub-directory.

    Contact

        Please do not ask me any questions about the satellite receiver itself
        or the dreamboxEDIT software, as I neither own such a device nor have
        I used this software myself.

        As mentioned above, this project was discontinued. For this reason, no
        new features will be implemented, existing features will not be
        enhanced and remaining bugs will not be fixed either.

        However, if you have questions about it, you can contact me by sending
        an email to <dev@urbanware.org>.

        Due to the fact, that my projects are spare time projects, the email
        account is not being checked for mails regularly, but usually at least
        once a week.

